You obviously didn't faint why
I'm talking to you, why don't you resist?
Before I just shouted
You come to save him
I shouted so many times just now
No response at all
What do you mean?
Are you playing with me?
Obviously it can't be beaten, I'll tell you the impossible
I don't even know.
I met him with me today
Come, come, take a look, take a look
Are you satisfied?
Sorry.
I'm sorry, what's the use, sorry
I'm sorry. Can you 2 million back?
Excuse me, can I return it?
You're a fucking acid star
roll
I don't want to see you anymore, you go away
Where are you going?
Leave me alone
You come back you come back
When you have no value
It's a cash cow.
If you lose money, throw it away as a burden
Just don't die
14 Bring the big eater back
Heal him at all costs
And make those who abandoned him pay the price